Added initial intro to appendix (#44)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/appendix/Intro.tex

The paper, above, initialize and describe our problem and is results focused.

> Within this appendix, we are expanding on many aspect of the aforementioned paper.

Author: ```suggestion
Within this appendix, we are expanding on many aspects of the aforementioned paper.

```

> The paper, above, initialize and describe our problem and is results focused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The paper above initializes and describes our problem and is results focused.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the main paper, we initialize and describe our problem with focus on results.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the main paper, we initialize and describe our problem with a focus on results.
```

Within this appendix, we are expanding on many aspects of the aforementioned paper.

> These extensions include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes:
```

\begin{itemize}
	\item Overview
	\begin{itemize}

> 		\item An brief explanation of the process of training and evaluating our models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		\item A brief explanation of the process of training and evaluating our models.
```

	\end{itemize}
	\item Code
	\begin{itemize}

> 		\item The pseudo code for the Gibbs Sampler is explained and the extensions are described how they differ from the standard Gibbs Sampler. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		\item The code for the Gibbs sampler is explained and the other models we explored are described in how they differ from the standard Gibbs Sampler. 
```

		Other versions of the models are also explained, such as a parallel Gibbs sampler.
	\end{itemize}
	\item Metrics 
	\begin{itemize}

> 		\item We explain the purpose and mathematical idea behind the three evaluation metrics, we use in the paper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		\item We explain the purpose and mathematical ideas behind the three evaluation metrics we use in the paper.
```

	\end{itemize}

> 	\item Modifications 

Reviewer: Jeg tænker at modifications skal være før metrics, men vi får at se hvad giver mest mening.

	\begin{itemize}

> 		\item The specific modifications, we have implemented into our models, are evaluated and explain in detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		\item The specific modifications we have implemented into our models are evaluated and explain in detail.
```

	\end{itemize}

> 	\item Tables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\item Metadata
```

	\begin{itemize}

> 		\item The metadata is shown in data tables, specifically Author and Category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		\item The metadata is shown in tables, specifically for the author and category metadata, and observations about the metadata labels are described.
```
Dog er der stadig mulighed for at tilføje et udsnit at taxonomy dataen i en tabel.

	\end{itemize}
	\item Applications
	\begin{itemize}

> 		\item We explore the application possibilities of our project, and propose various applications, which could be implemented at Nordjyske.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		\item We explore the application possibilities of our project and propose various applications which could be implemented at Nordjyske.
```
